Improvement Areas:

1. Some more validations could have been provided in the application, as "Submit" could have made disabled of no username is selected. 
2. On selection of a username, there could have been the ability to edit it, which is currently disabled.
3. The default "No items present" message is shown on application load, which could have not shown until some user data is passed in service.
4. Even if the message appears, it should be aligned to the message box,.
5. After the message - "Copy the code and paste it in your page -", URL is shown which is confusing for user as they are suppose to copy only the below Iframe code and paste in their code base.(this has been resolved locally)
6. The error handling could have been better as, when there is no item present for a particular user/channel combination, a static alert message is shown which could have been replaced with a generic message, by verifying the count value from response if the count is "0".
7. In terms of responsiveness, the left and right side blocks would have been rendered one below another if using Mobile device and portrait screen in iPad.
8. In the 2 components file "MyNewsDesk.js" and "IframeLoadingData.js", there is a method "newsLoad" written in both the files, which could have been used from a single file itself to make it more modular and reusable. 
- This was causing the system break if I was trying to use it from creating a new component or fetching it from either of existing file. After some research I found as I am using 2 different routing path, may be integration of redux is needed to achieve this.

9. An exception handling catch scenario is missed out in "IframeLoadingData.js" , which will hold the similar kind of message considering the count of items present in a channel.
10. Iframe height/width could have been set dynamically instead of providing hard coded value in "IframeHandler.js", by either setting.
11. An additional "Link" module is imported in "AppRouter.js", which is not used anywhere and could have been removed from importing.(removed locally)
12. There is an additional improvement I was thinking around to provide a counter(time-ticker) which will call the same service after every 1-2 minutes to fetch the real time data and update the items.
13. SCSS has not been used as expected